---
title: Compare
---

# Compare local classes

This package has the option to compare UnrealScript classes. The class `LocalClassesInstallation` has methods to compare individual classes or the whole `/Src/` folder and format the differences.

An example for comparing classes can be found in the [changelog of autogenerated dummy classes](https://github.com/ghostrider-05/RL-dummy-classes2/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## Compare

When comparing you will need at least two folders with dummy classes:

- your locally installed classes in UDK. Those are the classes in `/Development/Src/`. Use the path to the `/Src/` as `localPath` in the example below
- newly generated classes. You can clone the [autogenerated dummy classes](https://github.com/ghostrider-05/RL-dummy-classes2) and use again the `/Src/` path for `autogeneratedPath` in the example below.

To format the differences in a more readable format, you can use the `createChangelog` method.
You can also replace this with your own formatting function.

```ts
import { writeFileSync } from 'fs'
import { LocalClassesInstallation } from '@kismet.ts/parsers-node'

const local = new LocalClassesInstallation(localPath)

const diff = local.compare(autogeneratedPath)

const content = LocalClassesInstallation.createChangelog(diff)

writeFileSync('./CHANGELOG.md', content)
```

## Unused files

By default the `files.deleted` result after comparing will be empty. Some classes are skipped in the autogenerated classes, but you might still need classes, mostly the ones in `Core` and `Engine`.

To check if a class is truly not used anymore, extract the classes with the AssetExtraction tool.
Use the path to `Extracted` folder as `assetExtractedPath` and update the example as follows:

```diff
+ const local = new LocalClassesInstallation(localPath, { path: assetExtractedPath })
- const local = new LocalClassesInstallation(localPath)
```
